[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: We just
integrated header into details.
Now we're going to put it into a search,
so
they're going to share
some of the same code.
Let's go ahead and make that happen.
>> Brian Holt: Go ahead and,
let's actually go back to header,
that's actually what I
want to do right now.
Well just to demonstrate,
notice this header is slightly different.
There is an input here that's not
gonna be present in the details one.
Now we need to make our header
a little bit more flexible that will
conditionally show that
either the back button or
the search button and we're just going
to do that with some properties.
Because search knows that if
you need to show the input
as this detail knows it needs
to show the back button.
We'll just pass as in this
properties to header.
>> Brian Holt: Inside of headeder.jsx.
Let's go ahead and abstract that out.
First you we're gonna do is we're
going to do this let utilSpace.
And this is going to be
where we're going to stick
the component that we want
to use inside of the header,
and then want to say,
if this.props.showSearch.
>> Brian Holt: Then we are going
to say utilSpace = input,
type=text classname = search-input and
placeholder = search.
This should look pretty familiar.
This is exactly what we saw before.
I'm going to say value
= this.props.searchTerm and
onChange=this.props.handleSearchTerm.
>> Speaker 2: It's so
much nicer than doing it just like ES5
string concatenation.
>> Brian Holt: Absolutely.
I find JSXP very, very compelling.
>> Speaker 2: I mean ES6 and
string literals aren't terrible but-
>> Brian Holt: I think it's-
>> Speaker 2: It's still nicer.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, definitely.
>> Brian Holt: Notice we're referring to
props that we don't necessarily have yet.
This is some personal
advice to you is that,
just write the code as
if it was already there.
Just expect it to be there, and then go
figure out later how to get it there.
And that that just lets you
write the code right now and
then fix it later from some
engineers this is counterintuitive
most of us want like make
something work and then use it.
I think we talked a little
bit about this yesterday but
with reactor two usually a good idea to
just assume something was going to happen
and then later go make it happen.
Big reminds me I was reading yesterday
on Reddit that Stephen Hawking threw
a party for time travelers and
then he announced it the next day and
no one showed up, unfortunately.
But I thought that was pretty funny.
[LAUGH].
>> Brian Holt: Else you want to make
utilSpace equal to our back button.
>> Brian Holt: And you can actually just
go ahead and rip it out from down here.
>> Brian Holt: Now we have utilSpace and
it's gonna depending
on this boolean they're going to pass and
later we're just going to say utilSpace so
whatever it is in
utilSpace put it down here.
Any questions about that?
This is kind of how you
do conditionals in JSX,
this is the way that typically it's on.
You can get fancy with ternaries,
but I don't recommend it.
Ternaries tend to be more confusing than
helpful, for very basic things ternaries
work okay but for entire reactor
components it gets pretty messy.
There's also a conditional
components that you can use,
you say,
something in the effect I've never
used them before but
it looks something like,
if condition=this.props.searchTerm and
then you put blah in here.
Don't copy this.
I'm just giving a demonstration.
Else, this.
You can do something to that effect.
I think it's messy and
muddles up everything, so I elect not to.
But that's another open source library you
have to pull in to be able to do that.
That's not part of react.
I find this to be much more preferable.
Another thing people ask me is
why don't I say util = input,
and then I'll do an if
statement to change it?
Well you have to think that you're
creating react components in here and
that's not free.
It's pretty cheap but it's not free.
If you do it this way, nothing's wasted.
That's another reason that you
might not want to do it that way.
>> Brian Holt: Any question about this?
Kind of make some sense of
why we're doing it this way.
Something I wanted to, okay go ahead.
>> Speaker 3: Somebody is asking
that they thought that JSS tags had
to be capitalized.
>> Brian Holt: Down here.
Notice we're not doing utilSpace.
This wouldn't work, but this isn't really,
this is a variable holding a react
component and not a react class.
You need to separate
those two in your mind.
Because we're just doing it like this,
this is fine because this is just
a variable, this is not a react component,
it's just a variable that happens to be
holding already rendered react components.
I could see how that's confusing.
If I should say it this
is the way this works,
if you feel better about calling
this capital U, UtilSpace.
It's not exactly accurate, because then
you would miss some sort of constructor.
But you can do it if you want.
Nothing's stopping you.
>> Brian Holt: Any other questions?
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
Kind of a another tangent I wanted
to run on down real quick is that,
something I like about react,
and something that you need to get used
to as you're writing react components.
We tend to think of UIs over time,
that you have a user interface,
you do something that changes the state,
and then it changes over time.
You have to think about
these user interfaces,
ask people are gonna interact with them,
as the server comes back and
it's these Interfaces
over time estate changes.
That's not the way you wanna think about
writing react you want to think about
react given properties this
is what it's going to look.
It's more of a snapshot
mentality rather than over time.
If show search do this,
otherwise do that right.
It's very synchronous,
it's a very now type experience.
And I think this is cognitively
less of a load to think through.
You don't have to think about what
is this going to look at over time.
I just have to think about given
such state it looks like this,
does that kind of makes sense?
>> Brian Holt: It's like I said it's
way easier to think about things
otherwise you're thinking about over time
I'm drifting towards these different
particular things whereas I can just say,
nope it's input output.
Input of parameters, output of
this component, that's all it is.
>> Brian Holt: And that's actually
a very functional mentality,
that's how you tend to think about
functional programming as well.
It's just a series of transformations
given some sort of input.
>> Brian Holt: We are going to have
to do some prop types as well.
Let's go ahead and do that.
This is a create class, so
we're gonna stick our prop types up here.
>> Brian Holt: Let's go ahead and
bring those out too.
We're gonna need function, func,
bool and string is another thing that,
I have a lot of things complained
about with prop types.
One of things I like to complain about
is some of them are shortened and
some of them are not, and
it just drives me absolutely crazy,
it's func and bool but
it's not num, no it's number.
I just hate having to either to
shorten everything or shorten nothing.
Anyway, sorry, rent over.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH].
>> Brian Holt: It's
getting later in the day.
I'm getting cranky.
[LAUGH] HandleSearchTerm is going
to function that showsSearch
is going to be a boolean or a bool and
searchTerm is going to be a string.
Any questions about that?
>> Speaker 4: If you have showSearch is
an optional prop type, but
if you have showSearch,
then wouldn't you want searchTerm and
handleSearchTerm to be required?
How would you define that?
>> Brian Holt: I don't know if you
can do this, cascading is required.
I'm not aware of aware
of a way to do that.
Yeah as far as I know is
just is required or not.
I can see where they would be useful but
I don't know.
>> Speaker 2: Suppose you could bundle it
as like an object and then the properties,
I mean is not pretty.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: [CROSSTALK].
>> Brian Holt: This is a really
complicated and scary mess to get into.
And this is just a bugging help.
It's just kind of type hinting so doing
much more work than this is tough for
me to justify.
At that point I'd rather
just use typescript and
the typescript take care of it.
And that interested in it.
The nice thing about making these
definitely don't make these is required.
Because now if I just don't
give cert showSearch,
it does just assumes that
showSearch is gonna be false and so
now if you go back and look at details
.JSX, actually don't have to changes this
at all because I'm not passing
that showSearch as required.
It's just going to
default back to the back.
And that's really nice.